Time: Friday 04/22, 12:10PM

Attendance: Prothit, Haldis, Brett, Nathan, Peter, Nguyen, Elizabeth

---

## 1. Questions from project review
- Nguyen: front-end features: delete/edit recipe
- Haldis: Does the search feature search from everything and then filter out? Could we improve the performance in back-end by applying better targeted search?
- The application uses local storage -> Peter: can change this to storage in cloude/server to enable working between different devices
- Still confused about the differnce between "Saved recipe" and "My recipe"
- Haldis: we could make the application be user-contributed -> people can post/get recipe from a global forum

## 2. Logistics/Documentation
- Nathan: we should have a drive to store our docs. Approved.
- We should come up with a guidline on formalizing Git procedures (pulling, merge, etc.)

## 3. Upcoming Task
- Assign yourself role(s) for the position that you want to work on, you can assign multiple roles if you want. A poll will be posted on Slack. Deadline: before Monday meeting 04/25 4:00PM
- Accep Git invite from Peter, check to see if you can contribute or view only
- Study the git repo
